Add example to docs for passing stack component specific settings (#1506)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/pipelines/settings.md

settings={'docker': {'requirements': ['pandas']}}
```

#### Using stack component specific settings

> Settings for stack components must be passed with the key having a specific format being `(key= <COMPONENT_CATEGORY>.<COMPONENT_FLAVOR>)`. For example, an instance of [`SagemakerStepOperatorSettings`](https://apidocs.zenml.io/0.38.0/integration_code_docs/integrations-aws/#zenml.integrations.aws.flavors.sagemaker_step_operator_flavor.SagemakerStepOperatorSettings) for the [SageMaker Step Operator](../../component-gallery/step-operators/sagemaker.md) can be passed in as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings for stack components must be passed with the key having a specific format: `<COMPONENT_CATEGORY>.<COMPONENT_FLAVOR>`. For example, an instance of [`SagemakerStepOperatorSettings`](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/integration_code_docs/integrations-aws/#zenml.integrations.aws.flavors.sagemaker_step_operator_flavor.SagemakerStepOperatorSettings) for the [SageMaker Step Operator](../../component-gallery/step-operators/sagemaker.md) can be passed in as follows:
```
